Clarify e2e test and add cross links (#385)
elastic/connectors-python: docs/DEVELOPING.md

### E2E Tests

> The end to end test is usually performed by developers after the functional and system testing is completed. The framework allows users to test the connector end to end. To perform e2e test for Network Drive connector, run the following make command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The framework provides a way to test ingestion through a connector against a real data source. This is called a functional test. To execute a functional test for the Network Drive connector, run the following command:
```

I would suggest we don't use several different terms and stick to one. In this case I would suggest to stick to "functional test". cc @tarekziade WDYT?

```shell
$ make ftest NAME=network_drive
```

> ℹ️ Users do not need to have a running Elasticsearch instance or a Network Drive source to run this test. The docker compose file manages the complete setup of the development environment, i.e. both the mock Elastic instance and mock Network Drive source using the docker image.

Reviewer 2: For this statement in both network drives and S3 section, I think it will be helpful to call out that the e2e test does not currently support users running against an Elastic Cloud instance (or an Elasticsearch instance that is not the mocked Elasticsearch instance already created by the docker compose file) until https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/issues/356 is resolved.

Author: updated with commit:
 [resolve comments](https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/pull/385/commits/f05b2b2b7fda74556d664f89d2092a072dc21a85)

### E2E Tests

The end to end test is usually performed by developers after the functional and system testing is completed. The framework allows users to test the connector end to end. To perform e2e test for Amazon S3 connector, run the following make command:
```shell
$ make ftest NAME=s3
```

ℹ️ Users do not need to have a running Elasticsearch instance or an Amazon S3 source to run this test. The docker compose file manages the complete setup of the development environment, i.e. both the mock Elastic instance and mock Amazon S3 source using the docker image.

ℹ️ The e2e test uses default values defined in [configure Amazon S3 connector](#configure-amazon-s3-connector)

## General Configuration

> The details of Elastic instance and other relevant fields such as `service` and `source` needs to be provided in the [config.yml](https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/blob/8.6/config.yml) file. For more details check out the following [documentation](https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/blob/8.6/docs/CONFIG.md).

Reviewer 2: This change covers the general configuration which is nice (thx!).  For point 4 of https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/issues/360, it will also be helpful to explain how S3 specific configurations like `buckets` can be set (https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/issues/360#issuecomment-1404488683, i.e. an UI editor will appear on the UI once the first successful connection can be made).

Author: Updated with commit:
[resolve comments](https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/pull/385/commits/f05b2b2b7fda74556d664f89d2092a072dc21a85)
